---
title: DevNexus Covid Policy
layout: info-fluid
---

<section><h1 class="featured-header">COVID Policy and Health Measures.</h1><p>AJUG may revise this policy following guidance from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and federal, state, and local requirements.</p><h2>Buy tickets with confidence.</h2><p>To ensure the health and safety of all attendees, staff, speakers, and sponsors, Devnexus 2022 is following this COVID-19 policy. This is the 18th year of Devnexus, and we're in it for the long haul. We can offer a refund or transfer your pass to the 2023 event up to 2 weeks before the conference. If you cancel within two weeks of the event, we cannot offer e refund, but we can transfer your registration to the 2023 event.</p><h2>Event format</h2><p>This event will be in-person at the venue indicated on the main page.</p><h2>Vaccinations</h2><p>We will be performing temperature checks before admittance to the registration area. Any person with a temperature outside of normal levels, fever level will not be allowed into the event. All badge holders at Devnexus must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, bring proof of a negative Covid test taken within 48 hours of the event, or take a rapid (antigen) test on-site before checking in at the event. If you choose to take a rapid (antigen) test on-site, this will be supervised by a trained EMT. We will charge you for the test at cost.</p><h3>Acceptable records include:</h3><ul><li>Your physical COVID-19 vaccination/immunization card.</li><li>A photo of the front and back of your vaccination/immunization card.</li><li>A digital verification from a recognized smartphone application such as Clear.</li><li>The name on your vaccination record must match your government-issued ID.</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><h2>Masks</h2><p>Masks are <strong>OPTIONAL</strong> in the common areas of the venue; Registration, Lunch Room, Sponsor Areas, etc. Masks are <strong>REQUIRED</strong> in the breakout rooms for workshops and sessions. This is subject to change following guidance from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and federal, state, and local requirements.<br /><br />Masks must completely cover your nose and mouth and fit snugly against the sides of the face. Attendees will need to provide their own mask that complies with this guidance; face shields, bandannas, and masks with ventilation will not be allowed. Attendees may remove masks while eating and drinking.<br /><br />Hand sanitizer will be available throughout the event space.<br />&nbsp;</p><h2>Policy enforcement &amp; Health Checks</h2><p>Please do not attend if you are sick or feeling unwell. There will be a daily temperature check before entering the venue for every participant regardless of vaccination status. A single violation of the rules can result in venue security or law enforcement removal from the venue.</p><h2>FAQ</h2><p><b>Do you require those attending to be vaccinated against COVID-19?</b><br />Yes, or you must bring proof of a negative Covid test taken within two days of the event or take a COVID-19 test on-site with a negative result.<br /><br /><b>What date do I need to be vaccinated by to participate?</b><br />You must have received your second dose of a two-dose series, or for a single dose of vaccine, by April 5, 2022<br /><br /><b>How do I verify my COVID-19 vaccination to attend?</b><br />Bring a record of your COVID-19 vaccination status to on-site check-in to receive your badge.<br />Acceptable documents include:</p><ul><li>Your physical COVID-19 vaccination/immunization card.</li><li>A photo of the front and back of your vaccination/immunization card.</li><li>A digital verification from a smartphone application.</li><li>The name on your vaccination record must match your government-issued ID.</li></ul><p><b>Will I also need to provide proof of a COVID-19 booster shot to attend?</b><br />No.<br /><br /><b>Can I attend with proof of a negative COVID-19 test instead of proof of vaccination against COVID-19?</b><br />Yes, but the test must have been taken within 48 hours of the event or performed at our health center immediately before entry (please allow 20 to 40 minutes for this process).<br /><br /><b>Are masks required at Devnexus 2022?</b><br />Yes.<br />Masks must completely cover your nose and mouth and fit snugly against the sides of the face. Attendees will need to provide their own mask that complies with this guidance; face shields, bandannas, and masks with ventilation will not be allowed. Attendees may remove masks while eating and drinking.<br /><br /><b>Will food and beverages still be offered?</b><br />Yes. Drinks, meals, and snacks will be available. We will follow all local and venue guidelines for service.<br /><br /><b>Will I be required to maintain social distancing from other attendees?</b><br />No, however, the venue will be configured to have more space, outdoor areas for networking, etc., to provide for less density.<br /><br /><b>What if I don't want to be near other attendees?</b><br />Badges will have color-coded stickers that indicate individuals' comfort level with social distancing. Green stickers mean that person is ok with hand-shakes or fist bumps, while yellow stickers do not want close interactions. Red stickers mean, please give more distance.<br /><br /><b>How can I register my vaccination record early, so I don't have to wait in line?</b><br />If we can figure this out, details for this will be emailed to attendees so that early verification can be done.<br /><br /><b>How can I take a COVID test that meets the conference requirements?</b><br />You can bring proof of a negative Covid test taken within two days of the conference. There will also be a health team on-site that must administer and verify the test. The cost to the attendee will be the pass-through cost of what we buy them at per day (reminder - unvaccinated persons must produce a negative test result). Vaccinated persons only need to show their proof of vaccination and do not need a daily test. &lt;/section&gt;</p><p>&nbsp;</p></section>
