---
id: 5072
title: Domain Driven Design Workshop
layout: preso_details
track: full day workshops (wednesday only)
primary:
  id: 2314
persons:
- id: 2494
  full_public_name: Tony Stuchel
- id: 2493
  full_public_name: Steve Fordham
- id: 2314
  full_public_name: Sharma Vedula

---
Domain-Driven Design (DDD) can be used to accelerate your strategic initiatives and gain a competitive advantage. Instead of trying to solve real strategic software initiatives by throwing technology at the problem, emphasis should be placed on treating software development as a craft by embracing software design that works within the framework of agile processes. This 8-hr workshop is best suited for mid-level developers and above, who are interested in software craftsmanship and learning domain modeling using the Domain-Driven Design (DDD) approach. If your organization is looking towards a future with micro-services, consider this workshop an essential foundation. This is a hands-on workshop. Students are strongly encouraged to engage in workshop exercises and write source code that includes implementing multiple interacting micro-services, as DDD Bounded Contexts, that are event-driven.
 
  The goal of this workshop is to become more familiarized with DDD by freeing your mind from data-driven approaches. We will cover strategic design concepts, such as, Sub-domains, bounded contexts, and context maps, as well as some tactical design concepts, such as, Entities, Value Objects, and Domain events.  Finally, we will bring all the parts together to create an application.
