---
id: 5494
title: Women in Tech Breakfast at DevNexus
layout: preso_details
track: open java
primary:
  id: 2512
persons:
- id: 2512
  full_public_name: Chalcy Raja
- id: 2141
  full_public_name: Mala Gupta
- id: 2235
  full_public_name: Ixchel Ruiz ヾ(＾-＾)ノ
- id: 817
  full_public_name: Emily Jiang

---

**Join us for the annual Women in Tech Breakfast at DevNexus.<br>We'll discuss "the pipeline problem," common obstacles, and proven strategies to succeed with our panelists: Emily Jiang, Mala Gupta, and Ixchel Ruiz.**

Add your voice through our survey\! :&nbsp;[atlj.ug/WIT](http://atlj.ug/WIT){: target="_blank"}

We've all heard buzz around the "pipeline" and how this affects diversity in our workplaces.

* What are your experiences?
* What worked for you?
* Are you thinking about a career move but not acting on it?
* Are you afraid to talk about work life balance?
* Are you in the right workplace, utilizing your full potential?
* What's holding you back?

**In the multi-part breakfast, we'll..**

* Break down some data about YOU--the women in the room
* Challenge each other to actively take part in the conversation
* Hear from our panelists and others who have conquered that fear, that challenge
* Start the change today.

Tips and tricks will be provided. Great connections are yours to make.

**Recommended Preparation:**

Features like LinkedIn's QR Code make it easy to quickly exchange contact information with those you meet.<br>We recommend downloading the mobile app and ensuring that it is up to date.

Add your voice through our survey\!&nbsp; [atlj.ug/WIT](http://atlj.ug/WIT){: target="_blank"}&nbsp; We'll adapt our questions to the panelists according to your responses and will share the aggregate results.