---
id: 7022
title: Java Security Jumpstart Workshop
classroom: A314
layout: preso_details
track: full day workshops
primary:
  id: 3177
persons:
- id: 3177
  full_public_name: Markus Kett
- id: 1163
  full_public_name: Brian Fox
- id: 1037
  full_public_name: Brian Vermeer
- id: 816
  full_public_name: Steve Poole

---
Introductions
 
Cyber Attacks and the Developer
           Introduction to the current state of cyber attacks. Motivations, objectives, methodologies.
           Changing the mindset of the developer. Examples and discussions on how individuals, communities and open source projects get attacked and exploited.
Learning from the Log4Shell saga.
           Hands-on demonstration, analysis and discussion of the many ways that the vulnerability can be exploited.
Better coding for more secure software
           Series of hands-on exercises with sample code and discussion afterwards
           Covers most of the 7 pernicious kingdoms
Dealing with Java serialisation
           How serialisation works and how it’s exploited.
	How to write safter Java code
           Alternatives to Java Serialisation
           Introduction to microstream with hands-on
Software Supply chain
           New government directives that will affect how software is produced and consumed
	The SBOM forcing function:
	 how open source communities are affected.
	Why your build pipelines will need turbo-charging
           Advanced guidance on selecting open source projects -its more than functionality
           Hands-on review of related open-source tools that should be on your list now
           Commercial interlude and why good intelligence is vital
           Snyk / Sonatype portfolios
Wrap up
