---
id: 7031
title: Developer Productivity Engineering All-Day Workshop
classroom: A313
layout: preso_details
track: full day workshops
primary:
  id: 115
persons:
- id: 115
  full_public_name: Raju Gandhi

---
If you are not already familiar with DPE, it is a new software development practice that uses acceleration technologies and data analytics to speed up the critical software development processes—from builds to testing to CI—and make troubleshooting more efficient. In this hands-on workshop with labs we will demonstrate DPE best practices and tools in action—using examples from Java projects that rely on Maven or the Gradle build tool.

One of the principal techniques recommended as part of Developer productivity engineering is the use of a build cache.  A build cache reduces build time by reusing outputs produced by other builds in your organization. This workshop will dive into the basics and best practices to make the most of caching in your build. We’ll discuss the different possible architectures and how they affect build performance.

The end-result of pursuing DPE excellence will be a transformative and highly satisfying developer experience. Gradle and Maven build tool users interested in speeding up build and test cycles are encouraged to attend this workshop.
Prerequisites and Objectives
Make sure you have JDK 11 or later installed if you do not already. You can use your favorite IDE or text editor during the workshop.
After this training the participants will be able to:
Understand the benefits of using the Gradle or Maven build cache
Use and configure the build cache
Optimize build logic for maximum cacheability
Maximize the benefits of the local and remote build cache for both Gradle and Maven
Understand the benefits of using the Gradle build cache
Use and configure the build cache
Optimize build logic for maximum cacheability
